So to remind you,
here we have a corner size custom property
that lets us set cutout corners
with any kind of CSS length,
even viewport units, whatever.
And we want to explore how we
could have separate properties
that set the horizontal and
vertical cut out size.
Or the corner size property
that sets the entire corner so
that we could have a 45 degree cut out.
So we wanna support both in the same
way that CSS gives us longhands and
shorthands.
So how would we do that?
And remember this section is about
fullbacks, so that's kind of essential.
So let's see.
How would this look like?
We want to be able to set
a corner size x property and
the corners size y property,
let's set it to, I don't know, 3em.
So how can we make this work?
And notice that here we also left
the corner size property for
the second div because we
also want that to work.
So we would go here and
change this to corner size x cuz this
is the horizontal coordinates and
we will change this to corner size y
cuz that's the vertical coordinates.
And note that now the first one worked,
the first paragraph worked, but now
we lost the second one because the second
one was still specifying corner size.
So how can we enable both to work?
We can just use a dynamic
fullback here that sets this
to corner size,
if corner size x is not set.
And we would set the same
fullback here as well.
And now both of these work, so
we get the best of both worlds.
Now who could tell me,
is this exactly like a shorthand?
What's the difference between this and
an actual real CSS shorthand?
All right, I'll give it away, so
the difference comes up if we
include all three in the same rule.
If this was a real CSS shorthand, this
declaration would override the first two.
But here, this is independent,
it doesn't matter where we put it,
it will always be a fullback and
nothing more.
So if corner size x and
corner size y are present,
corner size will never be applied,
very much unlike a real shorthand.
So another takeaway is that
fullbacks can be dynamic,
via our references we can basically daisy
chain as many of our reference as we want
in the fullback parameter.
And also that default values allow us
to create shorthands of sorts, but
we should be careful because
these are not real shorthands.
And maybe we should not be
thinking of them as shorthands.